add simple explanation of vscode actions (#631)
cursorless-dev/cursorless: docs/user/README.md

### Show definition/reference/quick fix

> Each of these commands perform a vscode action of the same or a similar name on the target.

Reviewer: Extremely pedantic grammatical nit (sorry 😅)
```suggestion
Each of these commands performs a vscode action of the same or a similar name on the target.
```

> - `"define <TARGET>"` move the cursor and focus to the original definition of the target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `"define <TARGET>"` navigate to the definition of the target
```
